# Fabric Port to Fabric Alibaba Profile Connection

Here is a guide with step-by-step instructions for creating a connection using the Equinix Terraform Provider and the Alibaba Terraform Provider.
By following these steps, you will be able to:

1. Setup a connection through Equinix Fabric.
2. Configure and accept the connection in the Alibaba Portal.
3. Manage resources effectively using Terraform.
4. Handle cleanup operations effciently

### Step by Step Instructions for Fabric Port to Fabric Alibaba Profile Connection

#### 1. Create Connection from Equinix Terraform Provider

This example shows how to leverage the [Fabric Port Connection Module](https://registry.terraform.io/modules/equinix/fabric/equinix/latest/submodules/port-connection)
to create a Fabric Connection from a Fabric Port to Fabric Alibaba Service Profile.

It leverages the Equinix Terraform Provider, the Alibaba Terraform Provider, Fabric Port Connection
Module and various Alibaba resources to setup the connection based on the parameters you have provided to this example; or based on the pattern
you see used in this example it will allow you to create a more specific use case for your own needs. 

See the example usage (provided after the steps) for details on how to use this example.

**Note:** The `connection_name` must follow either one of these patterns:

* A unique `connection_name` with atmost 24 characters.  
`connection_name = var.connection_name`

* A `connection_name` with atmost 12 characters combined with a random string of 12 characters:  
  `connection_name = "${var.connection_name}${random_string.random.result}"`

**Result of this step:**
* A unique `connection_name` is generated by appending a 12-character random string to the provided name.
* A Fabric Port to Alibaba Profile Connection is successfully created and displayed in the Fabric Portal.
* An Express Connect Physical Connection resource is created and becomes visible in the Alibaba Portal.

#### 2. Formulate main.tf and output.tf Files
Use the following resources and data sources from the example (place them as comments initially):

`data "alicloud_express_connect_physical_connections" {}`

` resource "alicloud_express_connect_virtual_border_router" {}`

`resource "null_resource" {}`

`output alicloud_express_connect_virtual_border_router {}`

`output alicloud_express_connect_virtual_border_router_id {}`

#### 3. Accept the Connection Request
Manually accept the connection request in the Alibaba Portal for the created physical connection.

#### 4. Create the Virtual Border Router (VBR) Resource
Remove the commented code to create the VBR resource

**Result of this step:**
The VBR resource is created successfully and linked to the physical connection.

#### 5. [Cleanup] Delete Resources
1. Delete the VBR using terraform
2. Terminate and delete the connection manually using the Alibaba Portal

*Note:* If you attempt to delete the Fabric connection directly, you will encounter the following error:  
`ERR-UAA-003-00: Deletion for a provisioned connection needs to be initiated from Alibaba Portal.`

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->

<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->

